what is going on everybody it is Sam
here and today I'll be showing you how
to install forge for Minecraft 1.8 on
your Mac using the brand new forge
website here we go so if some of you are
viewing this video right now you are
probably thinking to yourselves I may
have seen a four 12.8 video from this
guy before well you are correct I have
made a forge 1.8 video already however
that video features the old forge
website since then Forge has changed the
layout of their website and apparently
it has confused a lot of people and I've
been getting several comments on the
older forge video for microphone point 8
telling me to make an updated tutorial
so I figured that's what I would do and
the old 4 tutorial is labeled old
website in brackets this one will be
labeled new websites just to avoid
confusion so of course the first thing
you want to do is open up your browser
be it Safari Opera Google Chrome Firefox
and type in files minecraft forge dot
net into the address bar and you will
get to a website that looks just like
this now this is where people tend to
get confused so it's actually not that
confusing although it does look that way
so if you look if you bring your mouse
cursor over 1.8 down here you will see
that 1.8 is bolded that means we are by
default already on 1.8 the website is
has already taken us to the latest
version of Minecraft which is 1.8 if we
go over to 1.7 for example you see none
of those are bolded meaning we are not
on 1.7 1.6 1.5 etc we are on 1.8 so now
what you want to do is you want to head
down to the box that says download
latest I always like to do download
latest and then you want to click
installer
after clicking installer you will be
taken to a page full of ads your your
download link will not appear here your
download link will appear here what you
have to do is you have to click the skip
button in the upper right hand corner
after clicking the skip button your
Forge jar will start to download now
another thing you need to keep in mind
if you are using Safari head to Safari
and head to preference
says you need to make sure that this
option here is unchecked otherwise the
dot jar file will be unpacked along with
any other zip files that you download
usually when playing around with
minecraft mods you tend to want to keep
everything packaged so if you're using
Safari make sure that this option is
unchecked and if it wasn't unchecked to
begin with uncheck it then redownload it
again so let's wait let's wait for it to
finish up ok after that is complete you
can close Safari and then just drag your
Forge jar to the desktop for convenience
purposes and do not open it just yet we
want to head into our minecraft
application first
alright so now your minecraft Launcher
has opened head to new profile and let's
call our profile 1.8 we are going to use
version release 1.8 and that is it then
click Save profile make sure your 1.8
profile is selected and then press play
once that is complete click quick game
now let's click on our forge installer
jar click open make sure install client
is selected and make sure it is going to
your minecraft folder located in your
application support folder then click OK
and hopefully it should say successfully
installed client profile Forge and so on
and so on click OK
let's drag these guys to the trash now
let's reopen minecraft in your profile
menu a new profile should appear called
Forge click on that then press play if
you see this text appear in the bottom
left-hand corner of your Minecraft Start
screen that means Forge has installed
correctly now what if you want to
install mods I will show you how to do
that click quick game open up your
finder click go then click go to folder
and copy and paste this code from the
description below and into this field
then press go head to application
support minecraft and if this mods
folder right here is where you install
other
it's all mod developers have different
instructions so you want to make sure
you are reading their instructions
carefully when installing a mod that is
compatible with Forge 1.8 alright
everyone that is it for this tutorial
if you have any questions comments or
concerns please leave a comment below I
will do my best to answer it if you are
new to the channel and you want to stay
tuned for more cool content make sure to
hit that subscribe button down below and
if you really enjoyed this video make
sure to hit that like button down below
as well all of my social media
information can be found on my website
Mad Dog the robot comm art everyone
thank you so much for watching I am Sam
and I'm signing off